Good morning everyone. Today is
Thursday, May the 14th. We've got one
day before options expiration. My name
is Anry Band and this is the Moneyball
Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider,
gamma flows by Menthther Q, news and
news flows by Benzinga Pro, and
analytics by tradewave.ai.
All right, let's take a peek at what
we've got going on. The seek and destroy
trade. I just absolutely love that um
terminology from Brett at uh Spot Gamma.
It's really good. And so this is what we
are after. The zero DTE call wall is
7500.
It also seems to be the major call wall
up here for us. And the traders are
doing what they've been doing and that
is finding the wall and buying into the
wall, forcing the dealers to move up. I
put a post on X yesterday that said the
market is having its uh GameStop moment
and it surely is. It really really is.
So what are we staring down? Dips or
buys? Let's take a look at it cleanly
and then realize that
all things all good things must end. Uh
unless of course you know you're in
heaven and then that's forever. But
let's have a peek at what we've got
going on. So, let's take a look. Are we
above the pivot? Yes. Are we above the
50? Yes. Are we above the anchor VWAP?
Yes. Are we above the regular VWAP? Yes.
Is the slope of the 200 up? Everything
there tells us we are in upward trend
and pullbacks are going to be buy zones.
So, let's talk about which is our
dominant candle. Interestingly,
9:00 a.m.
9 the 9:30 candlestick from yesterday
pretty pretty solid for sure. The big
candlestick is still in terms of volume
the 330 candle below that. Now what we
do notice is that the 3:30 candlestick
from that prior day which is Thursday,
Wednesday, Tuesday. Thank you. I can
never tell the days even when I just
said hey it's Thursday. I don't remember
these things. Okay. So, this candlestick
envelops this candlestick in general
that so that 3:30 candlestick was
enveloped by the 9:30 candlestick
yesterday and that candlestick is now
our master and commander. So, I am going
to draw a Fibonacci on it. And here we
are. We spent much of the overnight at
that ledge and now we're breaking out.
We are chasing it to the top of the
range. We know we're in the seek and
destroy mode. And so they are going to
jam this callwall up as best they can to
see if they can breach it. Now, we know
their plan, but we don't know if they're
going to get it, but that's their plan.
Come up into the space and then jam it
forward and see what they can do. So,
what are the ideal dips? So, in my mind,
we've got two areas that we can say,
"Hey, I'm gonna buy the dip." The first
one is around 7475.
That might be pretty far away depending
on the speed of motion. The second one
is the VWAP at 74.82.
Those are the two cleanest lines in the
sand. Need about five points of risk. Of
course, if you get above the VWAP or you
come into the VWAP and you buy that and
then it fades on you and then recaptures
it, you'll get shaken out. But that's
the trend. So continue to move in that
general direction. What am I going to
do? I'm waiting for the pullback, right?
I like this zone here near 7479
7480. It gives me a little bit of room.
I still have about an eightoint stop. So
I don't want to load up there. I can
load up once I recapture and continue to
move to the north. So that's my plan.
Now, let's say things break down. Well,
every breakdown's been bought. Nothing
changing that. We had a breakdown on
Tuesday. They bought it right up. We had
an early breakdown yesterday. They
bought it right up. Could we have a
breakdown today? Yes. They're probably
going to buy it right up. So, that's
what we want to stare down. Let's clone
it to see what the likely pullback might
be if it pulls back 7460.
And that would be the buy zone. Watch
this area right here. The put wall. Man,
they were so aggressive with that put
wall. They knew exactly what they were
doing. Take a look. I mean, they broke
the put wall. Uh, recaptured it and, you
know, Bob's your uncle. Off to the 7500.
It's pretty incredible. This is one of
the most interesting markets I have ever
traded. Very interesting. I love I'm
just fascinated with the rhythm and
the raw power of motion. It's pretty
incredible. All right, so let's take a
look. Dominant candle 9:30 candle of
yesterday. Notice how the NQ looks, not
the way the ES looks, right? So my
suspicion is that we are in a little bit
of mean reversion into
uh support zones where they're going to
try and buy again. Now we talked about
this number yesterday. 29,478
sitting in the ENQ. Look at how many
hours we sat there. Literally the bulk
of the day and then finally we broke
out. But then we still pulled back into
that range. Our 330 closing candlestick
closed right on top of our number. Right
on top of our number. The measured move
pulled it back into the 50. They're
trying to bounce. Let's orient
ourselves.
Are we above or below the VWAP? Well,
we're below it. And that VWAP is
trending a little bit negative, but
overall the VWAP is moving to the north.
Okay. Are we above the 50? Yes. Is that
50 sloping up? Yes. Are we above the
pivot? Yes. Is that pivot higher than
yesterday's? Yes. Are we above the 200?
Yes. All of these things say dips or
buys. Now, could you as a scalp trader
say I want to sell that dip? I mean, I
want to sell that spike. You can. And
what I like to talk about maybe is JJ's
look above
and
uh fail. And that might be the best zone
for you to consider a short. 29,628.
To me, that looks like the right place
to try a short with just I mean, you got
to have 50 points to stop. It is It is
the NQ. I mean, come on. All right.
Unless you're waiting for the test of
the pivot 29,384.
That's really a pretty good spot. Let's
draw Fibonacci.
Yeah, that's great. 29,390.
That's a good pullback zone. It's one
that's deep enough for us to consider
the long and have a ton of support. The
put wall well below us 29,300.
The call wall 30,000.
my friends,
man. Oh, man. Take a look at that. Now,
that of course, you know, are they
thinking about Nvidia, all the compute
power people need with what these AIs
are doing? Could be. Could be. So,
that's that's monstrous. All right. So,
dips or buys. If this look above and
fail does not hold and we return, it'll
become a look above and go, right? And
so that is going to give us 29,715
29,820.
The tail is clearly wagging the dog.
Okay, this is all run by Option Flow.
Absolutely incredible.
Never seen anything like it. option
flow. It's truly incredible. Have a
gander at this. Holy smokes. So, I
believe the YM has been just ahead of
the ES in terms of price action. So,
it's breaking out. So, let's clone this
and put it up here. Well, wait a second.
What did I just clone? I wanted to clone
this. Hang on. Remove all the fib
sequences. Yes.
So, let me make sure this is the candle
we're measuring. Perfect.
Clone.
We're going to move it up here. Top of
the range. So, could we be seeing the
top of the formation
right here? Uh, I'm going to guess. So,
watch this. Now, this is just for the
YM. The ES and the NQ are going to carry
on. My thought is to the upside, but the
YM is going to start to weaken. Okay, so
50,187.
You want to see a look above and fail.
Let's draw a line in the sand right here
where that high is. That's a textbook
expansion. Now, I was talking to my
friend Ashen the other day and he goes,
"Yeah, textbook expansions are great
except they rarely happen."
So, what happens with the rest of the
stuff? Here we go. We're either going to
have a look above and fail
or a look below and fail. Right? So, if
it looks below and it holds that
I got to say 50,000 somewhere. So, you
got about $500 of risk sitting in that
space. If you want to watch it pull back
or you want to use a micro, that might
help you in in grand fashion. And then
um we'll see what happens. Could I be
wrong? And could this expand yet another
level I got to say potentially? You
know, Mike Webster from IBD was all over
this power trend. I mean, wow. Wow. Wow.
Just hat tip. If you don't follow Webbby
um on
X or on YouTube, you should. He's
incredible. But he got this power trend.
So even a space I was in pure disbelief.
He was like, "Nope, this is going to
run." And man oh man was he right. Okay.
Oh, fly in the ointment, my deers. Okay,
let's see.
What do I normally say about
Bitcoin? It's our liquidity measure,
right?
And we've had pretty rough go of it
right here.
Lower high, lower high, lower high.
That is
um
that's interesting. Now, we are under
the P wall. So, if we stay under there,
we're going to have acceleration to the
south. Trend is down.
Momentum
just turned negative.
Our VW is kind of flat. And then we have
the zero DTE call wall sitting
underneath us. So, this is very noisy.
What's my thought?
If it comes into 79,000,
watch for it to reclaim 79,000
and then you've got a trade back up to
80,000.
Other than that, you've got you've got a
little bit of trouble,
more downside flow. Is this a penant? Is
it a flag?
Possibly. And if it fades folks,
the market is going to pull in. Now the
market doesn't look like it's going to
pull in. So we are going to anticipate
that it holds. Where is the breakaway?
Well, if we get above 80,000 and we can
breach that 50, we can bounce into
80,700
maybe or 80,400.
But you don't want to hold it all the
way up because this negative trend is
going to pull price action back down to
make probably higher low if it is going
to move to the north. So sticky bits
here. Um sticky.
Yeah.
Be careful. Be careful here. This is
this is an interesting one. All right.
Let's go to oil.
We have a lot of contracts rolling
today, but none that we follow here.
Okay. So, what did oil do? Here was our
measured move off of this gigantic
candle.
Almost to the top. Now, let's think
about why we might not have gotten to
104.
A lot of reasons, but we did not get
there. Just shy of this area. So maybe a
front run of some kind, but we've had
several look belows and failed. So it
looks below the edge. Soon as it
recaptures it, we can take it long into
the noise and then a look above and fail
to take us back to the look below and
fail on this value area low. So what's
the moral of this story? Noise. and use
the bottom of the formation to try and
get yourself a long
and use the top of the formation to try
and get yourself a short. So, where are
those? Well, first thing, if you want a
fair bit of risk, $9984.
If you're looking for the sweet spot,
$99.16.
Those are good areas for potential
buying. Now, what if it follows this
pattern up here? Well, you want to see a
look above and fail.
So, I wouldn't
just head out there and go, "Hey, I'm
putting a short up here at 10294."
I might put a long out here simply
because my 200 is up and the general
trend is up,
but I definitely would not just put a
short out here unless my stop was very
tight. So you want to see a look above
and then you want to see it fall below.
So let's say it double tops.
First area that you might want to
consider the short is $1355
and then maybe $12.84.
Okay, let's go to gold.
Boom.
Oh my word. Look at this mosh pit. Good
gravy. Look at the momentum. If that
doesn't tell you the story, good
heavens. All right, what are we
watching? flow two days ago. Let's
delete all the drawings, shall we?
Yes.
I should probably try to be, you know,
more professional instead of using
little crazy voices, you know,
try to be a little Tom Keenish and not
not be like that. But then that wouldn't
be me
because I am definitely a little bit uh
different. So here we go. Big formation.
This candle is obviously still in
control.
This range event breaks old resistance
becomes new support and again value area
low 4672.
Right? So, obviously we've had a little
bit of a stop to the selling.
Where's our pivot? Well, we're dancing
right on it. 4700.
Yesterday's pivot was above us and day
before yesterday's pivot was above us.
So, there is a grinding element down,
but we are still holding the floor. What
does this tell us? big bounces or sells
all the way to 74,
excuse me, 4730
and big dips or buys 4672.
To me, that's what we're staring down.
Where is the put wall?
4600. Where's the call wall? 4,800.
Zero DTE call wall 4764.
Could we have some sort of massive move
to the upside? We could. We could.
Just had a mean reversion event. So
that's nice. So
at the end, the fade is going to tell
you where the buyers are. Okay, that
fade. And that is
46.84 to 4672.
This momentum is horrific. I mean, this
is like a lazy river at zero. Okay. No,
no rapids here. All right, let's finally
take a look at spy.
Spy jamming up against the call wall.
Remember, the goal for these traders is
to head back
to
their
uh building power
and then try the rocket up again. We
know what they're trying to do. We don't
know if they're going to do it. That's
the difference. We expect that they
might, but this is a push to the north.
Okay. And the call wall is up here at
7:45. They can't breach it in the
pre-market. So, what are they going to
do? Pullback action to give us the next
bounce. Could you short it up here?
Well, you could, but you'd be against
trend and momentum. So, what would you
want to do?
uh you want to go to something super
tight that's going to give you some kind
of directional motion in your favor and
even the 50 says hey if we break that 50
we're going to recover it.
So that's what we watch for. All right.
Where are the dips? 742 to 740. Look at
the pivots continuing to rise.
Momentum huge, right? Momentum is is
pretty high and trend is very solid, but
we are getting pretty far away from that
50. So, we look for the dips that become
buys. Okay. All right. That's it for me,
folks. Good luck trading today. I'll see
you on group coaching and um you know I
I look forward to spending time with
you. Take care.